New Checkout Drop-in v1.4.0-beta2 (#273)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/containers/bill-to-shipping-address.mdx

import OptionsTable from '@components/OptionsTable.astro';

The `BillToShippingAddress` container includes a checkbox that allows users to indicate if the billing address is the same as the shipping address. If unchecked, the billing address form will be displayed.

> This container contains internal functionality to hide itself in case the cart is empty or virtual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This container provides internal functions to hide itself in case the cart is empty or virtual.
```

## Example

> The following example renders the `BillToShippingAddress` container on a checkout page. It includes functionality to handle changes to the billing address form visibility and validation. If the billing address form is shown, it validates the form data and updates the billing address on the cart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example renders the `BillToShippingAddress` container on a checkout page. It handles changes to the billing address form visibility and validation. If the billing address form is shown, it validates the form data and updates the billing address on the cart.
```
